fix: unify paginator interface (#1803)
GetStream/stream-chat-react: docusaurus/docs/React/custom-code-examples/channel-list-infinite-scroll.mdx

## How to plug in the infinite scroll

The SDK provides own [`InfiniteScroll`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-react/blob/master/src/components/InfiniteScrollPaginator/InfiniteScroll.tsx) component. This component implements the [`PaginatorProps`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-react/blob/master/src/types/types.ts) interface. As this interface is implemented by the [`LoadMorePaginator`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-react/blob/master/src/components/LoadMore/LoadMorePaginator.ts) too, we can just pass the `InfiniteScroll` into the `ChannelList` prop `Paginator`.

```tsx
import {
  ChannelList,
  InfiniteScroll,
} from 'stream-chat-react';

<ChannelList filters={filters} sort={sort} options={options}
             Paginator={InfiniteScroll}
             showChannelSearch
/>
```

If you would like to adjust the configuration parameters like `threshold`, `reverse` (`PaginatorProps`) or `useCapture`, etc. (`InfiniteScrollProps`), you can create a wrapper component where these props can be set:

```tsx
import {
  ChannelList,
  InfiniteScroll,
  InfiniteScrollProps
} from 'stream-chat-react';

> const Paginator = (props: InfiniteScrollProps) => <InfiniteScroll {...props} threshold={50}/>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const Paginator = (props: InfiniteScrollProps) => <InfiniteScroll {...props} threshold={50} />;
```

...
<ChannelList filters={filters} sort={sort} options={options}
             Paginator={Paginator}
             showChannelSearch
/>
```

Especially the `threshold` prop may need to be set as the default is 250px. That may be too soon to load more channels.

## What to take into consideration

> In order the infinite scroll can work, the element containing the `ChannelPreview` list has to be forced to display the scroll bar with the initial channel list load. This is achieved by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the infinite scroll to work, the element containing the `ChannelPreview` list has to be forced to display the scroll bar with the initial channel list load. This is achieved by:
```

**1. adjusting the initial number of loaded channels**

Set a reasonable number of channels to be initially loaded. If loading 10 channels leads to them being visible without having to scroll, then increase the number to e.g. 15:

```tsx

> import { ChannelOptions, } from 'stream-chat';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { ChannelOptions } from 'stream-chat';
```
